hi guys welcome back to my channel today
I'm going to show you guys how to make
in my kitchen some macaroni and cheese
baked macaroni and cheese
I have here some rezoning macaroni you
could use whatever you want you're also
gonna need some cheese's his charms
white sharp cheddar cheese you're gonna
chop these up you're also gonna need a
stick of butter any butter of your
choice Papa John's all two and a half
cups of milk this is a tropical island
blend natural cheese some Mayo in there
this is optional why I'm going to add
the male in mind is because the man is
going to kick it up a notch is going to
make it creamy and yummy and more flavor
so come on let's get started on this
method so you have to make sure that
your pot is hot you have hot boiling
water there and you look pour it in and
then you add a little bit of song half a
teaspoon of salt and I'm going to let
that cook tender okay so we go ahead and
we add the two and a half cups of milk
and then you put your butter in just
give it something to mix and this is
gonna melt so now the butter is melting
I'm going to go ahead and add my Mayo in
now I'm going to put about 3 tbsp of
milk and again guys you don't have to
put it in there I choose to put it in
there because it's going to be creaming
off and you'll see when you give it a
try as well 1/2 a teaspoon of salt and
1/2 a teaspoon of paprika and give it a
stir no never either use mine
cheese go ahead and put that in I'm
going to only use a half a pack of my
cheese because I'm going to need it to
top off the macaroni when it gets
finished that give that a little stir
and then I'm going to add the sharp
cheddar cheese in there all right so
when I come back with this I'm going to
add it to my macaroni and then get it
ready I'm going to do next
I'm going to go ahead and just pour this
out and onto the macaroni give it a mix
and as I'm going to go ahead and put it
in here get it ready to go in the oven
then the last thing you're going to do
is put your cheese on top all over I'm
just going to put all of it under cause
I want it to be nice and cheesy then I'm
going to top it off with some paprika
okay so now it's going to go into the
oven and it's going to be baked for
about 25 minutes on 350 or full 45 okay
guys so here you have it my macaroni and
cheese baked macaroni and cheese my way
of cooking it and I hope you guys enjoy
it and so once again from my kitchen to
yours enjoy
you